so I want to do two things talk about
talk a little bit about like some some
ways to use commercial Nets in various
ways which I haven't gone through last
time and and I'll also talk about
different types of architectures that
some of which are very recent design
that people have been kind of playing
with for for quite a while
so it's C so last time when we talked
about commercial Nets we stopped that
the idea that we can use commercial Nets
with kind of a sliding we do over large
images and it consists in just applying
the completions on large images which is
a very general image a very general
method so we're gonna see a few more
things on how you use how you use
commercial Nets and to some extent I'm
going to rely on a bit of sir historical
papers and things like this to explain
kind of simple forms of all of those
ideas so the as I as I said last time
the I had this example where there's
multiple characters on an image and you
can you have a commercial net that whose
output is also a coefficient like
everyday air is a convolution so you can
interpret the output as basically giving
you a score for every category and for
every window on the input and the the
framing of the window depends on like
the the windows that the system observes
when your back project for my particular
output kind of steps by the amount of
subsampling the total amount of sub
something you have in a network so if
you have two layers that subsample by a
factor of two you have two pooling
layers for example that's a factor of
two the overall subsampling ratio is 4
and what that means is that every output
is gonna basically look at a window on
the input and successive outputs is
going to look at
the windows that are separated by four
pixels okay it's just a product of all
the subsampling layers so this this is
nice but then you can have to make sense
of all the stuff that's on the input how
do you pick out objects objects that
overlap each other etc and one thing you
can do for this is is called normal no
maximum suppression which is what people
use in sort of object detection so
basically what a consistent is that if
you have outputs that kind of or more or
less at the same place and also over
like overlapping places and one of them
tells you I see a bear and the other one
tells you I see a horse one of them wins
okay it's probably one that's wrong and
you can't have a bear on a horse at the
same time at the same place so you do
what's called no maximum suppression you
can look at which which of those has the
highest score and you kind of pick that
one or you see if any neighbors also
recognize that a bear or a horse and you
can make a vote if you want local vote
okay
and I'm gonna go to the details of this
because just just kind of rough ideas
well this is already implemented in code
that you can download and also it's kind
of the topic of a a full-fledged
computer vision course so here we just
allowed to kind of how we use deep
running for for this kind of application
let's see so here's again going back to
history a little bit some ideas of how
you use neural nets to or conditional
nets in this case to recognize strings
of characters which is kind of the same
program is recognizing multiple objects
really so if you have you have an image
that contains the image at the top two
three two zero six it's a zip code and
the characters touch so you don't know
how to separate them in advance so you
just apply accomplish on there to the
entire string we don't know in advance
what with the characters will take and
so which
what you see here are four different
sets of outputs and those four different
sets of outputs of the of the commercial
net each of which has ten rows and the
ten words corresponds to each of the ten
categories so if you look at the top for
example the top the top block the the
the white squares represent high-scoring
category so what you see on the left is
that the number two is being recognized
so the window that is wrote at by the
output units that are on the first
column is on the on the left side of the
image and it and it detects a two
because the you know their order 0 1 2 3
4 etc so you see a white square that
corresponds to the detection of a 2 and
then as the window is shifted over the
over the input is a 3 or low scoring 3
that is seen then the 2 again there's
three character it's three detectives
that see this 2 and then nothing then
the 0 and then the 6 now this first
system looks at a fairly narrow window
and or maybe it's a wide window no I
think it's a wide window so it looks at
a pretty wide window and it when it
looks at the the the two the two that's
on the left for example it actually sees
a piece of the three with it with it so
it's kind of in the window the different
sets of outputs here correspond to
different size of the kernel of the last
layer so the second row the second block
the the size of the kernel is four in
the horizontal dimension the next one is
3 and x1 is 2 what this allows the
system to do is look at regions of virus
with on the input without being kind of
too confused by the characters that are
on the side if you want so for example
the the the second to the zero is very
high-scoring on the on the the second
third and fourth matte but not very
high-scoring on the top map similarly
the three is kind of high-scoring on the
second third and fourth
but not on the first map because the
three kind of overlaps with the two and
so it wants to really look at in our
window to be able to recognize it okay
yes so it's the size of the white square
that indicates the score basically okay
so look at you know this this column
here you have a high-scoring zero here
because it's the first the first world
correspond to the category zero but it's
not so high-scoring from the top the top
one because that I put you need looks at
a pretty wide input and it gets confused
by the stuff that's on the side okay so
you have something like this so now you
have to make sense out of it and extract
the best interpretation of that of that
sequence and it's true for zip code but
it's true for just about every piece of
text not every combination of characters
is possible
so when you read English text there is
you know an English dictionary English
grammar and not every combination of
character is possible so you can have a
language model that attempts to tell you
what is the most likely sequence of
characters so we're looking at here
given that this is English or whatever
language or given that this is a zip
code not every zip code are possible so
this is fun possibility for error
correction so how do we take that into
account
I'll come to this in a second but but
here what we need to do is kind of you
know come up with a consistent
interpretation that you know there's
obviously a three there's obviously is
over here two or three zero somewhere
another two etc I returned this array of
scores into into a consistent
interpretation
is the width of the the horizontal width
of the the kernel of the last layer okay
which means when your backpack back
project on the input the the viewing
window on the input that influences that
particular unit as very size depending
on which unit you look at yes the width
of the block yeah it's a croissants it's
how I the input image is divided by 4
because the substantive issue is 4 so
you get one of one column of those every
four pixel so remember we had this this
way of using a neural net commercial net
which is that you you basically make
every convolution larger and usually
lastly or as a convolution as well and
now what you get is multiple outputs
okay so what I'm representing here on
the slide you just solve is the is this
2d array on the output which corresponds
where where the the row corresponds to
categories okay and each column
corresponds to a different location on
the input and I showed you those
examples here so here this is a
different representation here where the
the character that is displayed just
before the title bar is you know
indicates the winning category so I'm
not displaying the scores of every
category I'm just just just just feeling
the winning category here but each
output looks at a 32 by 32 window and
the next output by looks at a 32 by 32
window shifted by 4 pixels ok excetera
so how do you turn this you know
sequence of characters into the fact
that is either 3 5 or 5 3
ok so here the reason where we have four
of those is so that is because the last
player this different is different last
layers if you want this for like
different last layers each of which is
trained to recognize the ten categories
and those last failures have different
kernel with so they essentially look at
different width of Windows on the input
so you want some that look at why
windows so they can they can recognize
kind of large characters and some that
looked at look at narrow windows so they
can recognize our characters without
being perturbed by the the neighboring
characters so if you know a priori that
there are five five characters here
because it's a zip code you can do you
can use a trick and this sort of
specific tricks that I can explain but
I'm going to explain sort of the general
trick if you want I didn't want to talk
about this actually at least not now
okay here so here's a general trick the
general trick is or the you know kind of
a somewhat specific trick oops
I don't know way keep changing side you
say I have I know I have fat characters
in this word is there a a so that's a
one of those arrays that produces scores
so for each category let's say I have
four categories here and each location
there's a score okay
and I say I know that I want five
characters out I'm gonna draw them
vertically one two three four five
because it's a zip code so the question
I'm going to ask now is what is the best
character I can put in this and in this
slot in the first slot and the way I'm
going to do this is I'm gonna draw an
array and on this array I'm going to say
where's the score here for at every
intersection in the array it's good well
what is the what is the score of putting
a particular character here at that
location given the score that I have at
the output of manual net okay so let's
say that so what I'm gonna have to
decide is since I have fewer characters
on the on the output to the system five
then I have viewing windows and scores
produced by the by the system I'm gonna
have to figure out which one I drop okay
and what I can do is build this though
this array
and
what I need to do is go from here to
here by finding a path through this
through this array in such a way that I
have exactly five steps if you want so
each step corresponds to to a character
and the overall score of a particular
string is the overall is the sum of all
the scores that are along this path in
other words if I get three instances
here three locations we have a high
score for this particular category which
is category one okay as tall as 0 so 1 2
3 I'm gonna say this is the same guy and
it's a 1 and here if I have two guys I
have I score for 3 I'm gonna say those
are the 3 and yeah I have only one guy
that has high score for 2 so that's a 2
etc so this path here has to be sort of
continuous I can't jump from one
position to another because that would
be kind of breaking the order of the
characters okay and are you to find a
path that goes through high-scoring
cells if you want that correspond to
high scoring categories along this path
and it's a way of saying you know if I
have if those three cells here or give
me the same character it's only one
character I'm just going to output one
here that corresponds to this ok
those three guys are high score I stay
on the one on the one and then I I
transition to the second character so
now I'm going to fill out this chart and
this guy has high score for three so I'm
going to put three here and this guy has
a high score for two as two etc
the principle to find this this path is
a shortest path algorithm you can think
of this as a graph where I can go from
the lower left cell to the upper right
cell by either going to the left or
going up and to the left and for each of
those transitions there is a there's a
cost and for each of the four putting a
character at that location there is also
a cost or a score if you want so the
overall score of the one at the bottom
would be the combined score of the three
locations that detect that one and
because it's more all three of them are
contributing evidence to the fact that
there is a 1 when you constrain the path
to have 5 steps ok it has to go from the
bottom left to the top right and it has
5 steps so it has to go through 5 steps
there's no choice that's that's how you
force the system to kind of give you 5
characters basically right and because
the path can only go from left to right
and from top to bottom it has to give
you the characters in the order in which
they appear in the image so it's a way
of imposing the order of the character
and imposing that there are fives there
are five characters in the string yes
yes okay in the back yes right yes
well so we should have just the string
of one you have to have trained the
system in advance so that when it's in
between two ones or two characters
whatever they are it says nothing he
says none of the above otherwise you can
tell right
yeah a system like this needs to be able
to tell you this is none of the above
it's not a character it's a piece of it
or I'm in the middle of two characters
or I have two characters on the side but
nothing in the middle yeah absolutely
it's a form of non maximum suppression
so you can think of this as kind of a
smartphone and on maximum suppression
where you say like for every location
you can only have one character and the
order in which you produce the five
characters must correspond to the order
in which they appear on the image what
you don't know is how to warp one into
the other okay so how do you kind of you
know how many detectors are gonna see
the number two it may be three of them
and we're gonna decide they're all the
same
so the thing is for all of you who run
computer science which is not everyone
the the way you compute this path is
just a shortest path algorithm you do
this with dynamic programming okay so
find the shortest path to go from bottom
left to top right by going through by
only going to only taking transition to
the right or diagonally and but
minimizing the cost so if you think each
of those is is filled by a cost or
maximizing the score if you think that
scores there are probabilities for
example and it's just a shortest path
algorithm in a graph this kind of method
by the way was so many methods of speech
recognition can it work this way not
with neural net so we sort of hand
extracted features from but it would
basically match the sequence of vectors
extracted from a speech signal to a
template of a word and then you know try
to see how you warp the time to match
the the the word to be recognized to to
the templates and you had a template for
every word over fixed size this was
called detail DTW dynamic time working
there's more sophisticated version of it
called hidden markov models but it's
very similar people still do this to
some extent
okay so detection so if you want to
apply commercial net for detection it
works amazingly well and it's
surprisingly simple but you you know
what you need to do you basically need
to let's say we do face detection which
is a very easy problem one of the first
problems that computer vision started
solving really well for kind of
recognition you collect a data set of
images with faces and images without
faces and you train a commercial net
with this input window is something like
20 by 20 or 30 by 30 pixels to tell you
what other is a face in it or not okay
now you take this accomplished on that
you apply it on an image and if there is
a face that happens to be roughly 30 by
30 pixels the the content will will
light up at the corresponding output and
not light up when there is no face now
these two points with this the first
problem is there is many many ways a
patch of an image can be a non face and
during your training you probably
haven't seen all of them you haven't
seen even a representative set of them
so your system is gonna have lots of
false positives that's the first problem
second problem is in the picture not all
faces are 30 by 30 pixels so how do you
handle size variation so one way to
handle size variation which is very
simple but it's mostly unnecessary in
modern versions but what it's not
completely necessary is you do a
multiscale approach so you take your
image you run your detector on it it
fires whenever it wants and you will
detect faces are small then you reduce
the image by some scale in this case in
this case here I take a square root of
two you apply the control net again on
that small image and now it's going to
be able to detect cases that are that
were larger in the original image
because now what was 30 by 30 pixel is
now about 20 by 20 pixels
roughly okay but there may be bigger
faces there so you scale the image again
by a factor of square root of 2 so now
the images
the size of the original one and you're
under the commercial net again and now
it's going to detect faces that were 60
by 60 pixels in the original image but
are now 30 by 30 because you reduce the
size by half you might think that this
is expensive but it's not the expense is
half of the expenses the final scale the
sum of the expense of the other networks
are combined is about the same as the
final scale it's because the size of the
network is you know kind of the square
of the the size of the image on one side
and so you scale down the image by
square root of 2 the network you have to
run is smaller by a factor of 2 okay so
the overall cost of this is 1 plus 1/2
plus 1/4 plus 1/8 plus 1/16 etc which is
2 you waste a factor of 2 by doing multi
scale which is very small ok you can
afford a factor of 2 so this is a
computer
ancient face detection system from the
early 90s and the maps that you see here
are all kind of maps that indicate kind
of scores of phase detectors the face
detector here I think is 20 by 20 pixels
so it's very low res and it's a big mess
at the fine scales you see kind of
high-scoring areas but it's not really
very definite but you see more more
definite things down here so here you
see a white blob here web block here
white blob here same here you see white
blob here what blob here and those are
faces those other and so that's now how
you you need to do maximum suppression
to get those little red squares that are
kind of the winning categories if you
want the winning locations where you
have your face so known as sumo
suppression in this case means I have a
high-scoring white white blob here that
means there is probably the face
underneath which is roughly 20 by 20 it
is another face
in a window of 20 by 20 that means one
of those two is wrong so I'm just gonna
take the highest-scoring one within the
window of 20 by 20 and suppress all the
others and you'll surprise the others at
that location at that scale I mean that
nearby location at that scale but also
at other scales okay so you you pick the
highest-scoring blob if you want for
every location every scale and whenever
you pick one you you suppress the other
ones that could be conflicting with it
either because they are a different
scale to the same place or at the same
scale but you know in your body okay so
that's the that's the first problem and
the second problem is the fact that as I
said there's many ways to be different
from your face and most likely your
training set doesn't have all the
non-faces things that look like faces so
the way people deal with this is that
they do what's called negative mining so
you go through a large collection of
images when you know for a fact that
there is no face and you run your
detector and you keep all the patches
where you detector fires you verify that
there is no faces in them and if there
is no face you add them to your negative
set okay then you retrain your detector
and then you use your rich mine detector
to do the same go again through a large
dataset of images where there you know
there is no face and whenever your
detector fires add that as a negative
sample you do this four or five times
and in the end you have a very robust
face detector that it does not fall
victim to negative samples these are all
things that look like faces in natural
images are not faces
this works really well this is over 15
years old work this is my grandparents
marriage buy their wedding their wedding
okay
so here's a another interesting use of
convolutional nets and this is for
semantic segmentation what's called
semantic segmentation alluded to this in
the first the first lecture so what is
17 segmentation is the problem of
assigning a category to every pixel in
an image and every pixel will be labeled
with a category of the object you belong
soon so imagine this would be very
useful if you want to say drive a robot
in nature so this is a robotics project
that I worked on my students and I
worked on a long time ago and what you
like is to label the image so that
regions that the robot can drive on are
indicated and areas that are obstacles
also indicated so the robot doesn't
right there okay so here the green areas
are things that the robot can drive on
and the red areas are obstacles like
tall grass in decades so the way you you
train a convolutional net to do to do
this kind of semantic segmentation is
very similar to what I just described
you you take a patch from the image in
this case I think the patches were 20 by
40 or something like that right sorry
small for which you know what the
central pixel is whether it's
traversable or not whether it's green or
red okay either is being manually
labeled or the label has been obtained
in some way and you're going to comment
on this patch and you train it you know
tell me if it's if he's green or red
tell me if it's drivable area or not and
once the system is trying to apply it on
the entire image and it you know it puts
green or red depending on where it is in
this particular case actually there were
five
there's the super green green purple
which is a foot of an object red which
is an obstacle that you know chew off
and super red which is like a definite
obstacle over here we're only showing
three three colors now in this
particular project the the labels were
actually collected automatically you
didn't have to manually label the images
and the patches what we do would be to
run the robot around and then through
stereo vision figure out if a pixel is a
correspond to an object that sticks out
of the ground or is on the ground so the
the middle column here it says stereo
labels these are labels so the color
green or red is computed from stereo
vision from basically 3d reconstruction
okay so four you have two cameras and
the two cameras can estimate the
distance of every pixel by basically
comparing patches it's relatively
expensive but it kind of works it's not
completely reliable but it sort of works
so we're not for every pixel you have a
depth the distance from the camera which
means you know the position of that
pixel in 3d which means you know if it
sticks out out of the ground or if it's
on the ground because you can fit a
plane to the ground okay so the green
pixels are the ones that are basically
you know near the ground and the red
ones are the ones that are up so now you
have labels you can try and accomplish
on that to predict those labels then you
will tell me why would you want to try
to accomplish on that to do this if you
can do this from stereo and the answer
is stereo and it works out to ten meters
roughly past ten meters you can't really
using binocular vision and stereo vision
you can really estimate the distance
very well and so the only works out to
about ten meters and driving a robot by
only looking ten meters ahead of you is
not a good idea it's like driving a car
in the fog
right it's gonna it's not very efficient
so what you used accomplished on that
for is to label every pixel in the image
up to the horizon essentially
okay so the cool thing about about this
this
as I said the labels were connected in a
medically but also the robot adapted
itself as it run because he collects
Osteria labels constantly it can
constantly retrain its neural net to
adapt to the environment it's in in this
particular instance of this robot
it would only will only return the last
layer so the N minus 1 layers of the
complet were fixed were trained in the
in the lab and then the last layer was
kind of adapted as the robot run a lot
of about to deal with environments he'd
never seen before
essentially you still have long-range
vision the input to the the comp network
basically multiscale views of sort of
bands of the image around the horizon
the need to into details is a very small
neural net by today's standard but
that's what we could afford I have a
video I'm not sure it's gonna work but
I'll try yeah it works
so I should tell you a little bit about
the castor character he characters here
so huh you don't want the audio so
custom in our way ahead sales were right
headset with two students working with
me on this project two PhD students tRNA
is a Google brain he works on robotics
and right ahead sales director of
Robotics at deep mind
Marcus coach is NVIDIA my Grimes is a
deep mind young Ben is at mobilize which
is not Intel actually Eric Allen is at
Twitter and what smarter is still
working with us is actually head of a
big group that works on autonomous
driving at Nvidia and he is
collaborating with us actually our
further works on this project so this is
a robot and it can drive it about you
know sort of fast walking speed and it's
supposed to drive itself in sort of
nature so it's got this mass with four
eyes there are two stereo pairs to two
stereo camera pairs and it has three
computers in the belly so it's
completely autonomous it doesn't talk to
the network or anything and those those
three computers I'm on the left that's
when I had a pony tail okay so here the
the system is the the neural net is
crippled so the we didn't turn on the
neural Nets it's only using stereo
vision and now it's using the neural net
so it's it's pretty far away from this
bear barrier but it sees it and so it
directly goes to the side it wants to go
to a goal a GPS coordinate that's behind
it
same here he wants to go to a GPS
coordinate behind it and it sees right
away that there is this war with people
that he can go through the guy on the
right here is Marcos coach he is holding
the transmitter is not driving the robot
but is holding the kill switch
and so you know that's what the the the
commercial net looks like we're really
small but to the standard and and it
produces for every every location every
patch on the input the second last layer
is a 100 100 dimensional vector that
goes into a classifier that classifies
into five categories so once the system
classifies each of those five categories
in the image you can you can warp the
image into a map that's centered on the
robot and you can you can do planning in
this map to figure out like how to avoid
obstacles and stuff like that
so this is what this thing does it's a
particular map called a hyperbolic map
but it's not important for now now that
because this was you know 2007 the
computers were slowly with no GPUs so we
could run this we could run this neural
net only at about one frame per second
as you can see here the at the bottom it
updates about one frame per second and
so if you have someone kind of walking
in front of the robot the robot won't
see it for a second and will you know
run over it so that's why we have a
second vision system here at the top
this one is stereo it doesn't use a
neural net odometry I think we don't
care this is the controller which is
also learned but we don't care and this
is the the system here again it's vision
is crippled they can only see up to two
point two and a half meters so it's very
short but it kind of does a decent job
and this is to test this sort of fast
reacting vision systems or here
pierre-simon a is jumping in front of it
and the robot stops right away so that
now that's the full system with
long-range vision and I know in grad
students
right so it's kind of giving up
okay oops okay so that's called semantic
segmentation but the real form of sanity
segmentation is one in which you you
give an object category for every
location so that's the kind of problem
here we're talking about where every
pixel is either building or sky or
Street or a car or something like this
and around 2010 a couple datasets
started appearing with a few thousand
images where you could train vision
systems to do this and so they technique
here is essentially identical to the one
I described it's also multi scale so you
basically have an input image you have
accomplish on that that has a set of
outputs that you know one for each
category of objects for which you
available which is 33 when you back for
Jack why not put accomplish on it onto
the input it corresponds to an input
window of 46 by 46 windows so it's using
a context of 46 546 pixels to make the
decision about a single pixel at least
that's the the denominator the back at
the bottom but it has out 46 but 46 is
not enough if you want to decide what a
great pixel is is it the shirt of the
person is it the street is it the cloud
or kind of pixel on the mountain
you have to look at a wider context to
be able to make that decision so we use
again this kind of multiscale approach
where the same image is reduced by a
factor of 2 and a factor of 4 and you
run those to those those two extra
images to the same commercial net same
weight same kernel same everything
except the the last feature map you
upscale them so that they have the same
size as the original one and now you
take those combined feature Maps and
send them to a couple layers of a
classifier so now the classifier to make
its decision has for 46 by 46 windows on
images of the rescaled and so the
effective size of the context now is is
184 by 184 window because the
the course kale Network basically looks
at more this entire image then you can
clean it up in various way I'm not gonna
go to details for this but it works
quite well so this is the result the guy
who did this in my lab is kemo sabe he's
a VP at Nvidia now in charge of all of
machine learning infrastructure and the
tournament driving not surprisingly and
and so that system you know this is this
is what she saw Square Park by the way
so this is the NYU campus it's not
perfect far from that from that you know
it identified some areas of the street
as sand or desert and there's no beach
I'm aware of in Washington Square Park
and but you know at the time this was
the kind of system of this kind at the
the number of training samples for this
was very small so it was kind of it was
about 2,000 or 3,000 images something
like that you run you take a you take a
full resolution image you run it to the
first n minus 2 layers of your jewel
ComNet that gives you your future Maps
then you reduce the image by a factor of
two run it again you get a bunch of
teacher map sort of smaller then running
again by reducing by five to a four you
get smaller future maps now you take the
small feature map and you Rin scale it
you're up sample it so it's the same
size as the first one same for the
second one you stack all those feature
maps together okay and that UN you heed
to two layers for a classifier for every
patch
yeah the paper was rejected from cvpr
2012 even though the results were
record-breaking and it was faster than
the best competing method by 5050 even
running on standard hardware but we also
had implementation on special hardware
that was incredibly fast
and people didn't know what the
commercial net was at the time and so
the reviewer is basically you could not
fathom that the method they'd never
heard of could work so well this is
probably one is way more to say about
called nets but I encourage you to take
a computer vision course for to hear
about this yeah this is okay this data
set this particular leaders said that we
use is a collection of images street
images that was collected mostly by
antonio de alba at MIT and he had a sort
of a tool for kind of labeling so you
could you know you could sort of draw
the control over the object and then
label of the object and so if it would
kind of you know fill up the object
most of the segmentations were done by
his mother who's in Spain she had a lot
of time to spend doing this huh his
mother yeah labeled that stuff yeah this
wasn't a late late 2000 okay now let's
talk about a bunch of different
architectures right so you know as I
mentioned before the idea of decoding is
that you have this catalog of modules
that you can assemble in sort of
different graphs and and know together
to do different functions and and all of
the expertise in deep learning is to
design those architectures to do
something in particular it's a little
bit like you know in the early days of
computer science coming up with an
algorithm to write a program was kind of
a new concept you know reducing a
problem to kind of a set of instructions
that could be run on a computer it was
kind of something new and here it's the
same problem you have to sort of imagine
how to reduce a complex function in to
serve a graph possibly dynamic graph of
functional modules that you don't need
to know completely the function of but
that you're going to whose function is
gonna be finalized by learning but the
architecture is super important of
course
as we saw with commercial Nets the first
important category is recurrent net so
we've we've seen when we talked about
the backpropagation there's a big
condition of the condition was that the
graph of the interconnection of the
module could not have loops okay it had
to be a graph for which there is sort of
at least a partial order of the module
so that you can compute the the the
modules in such a way that when you
compute the output of a module all of
its inputs are available but Rakata net
is one in which your groups how do you
deal with this so here is an example of
a recurrent net architecture where you
have an input which varies over time X
of T that goes through the first neural
net let's call it an encoder that
produces a representation of the of the
input let's go eat H of T and it goes
into a record layer this recurrent layer
is a function G that depends on
trainable parameters W this trainable
parameters also for the encoder but I
didn't mention it
and that recurrent layer takes you to
account H of T which is the
representation of the input but it also
takes into account Z of T minus one
which is the sort of a hidden state
which is its I put at a previous time
step its own output at a previous time
step okay this G function can be a very
complicated neural net inside
conditioned net whatever could be as
complicated as you want but what's
important is that one of its inputs is
its output at a previous time step okay
0 of T minus 1 so that's why this delay
indicates here the input of G at time T
is actually Z of T minus 1 which is the
output its output at a previous time
step ok then I put of that record module
goes into a decoder which basically
produces an output ok so it turns a
heater representation Z into an output
so how do you do this
you unroll the loop
so this is basically the same diagram
but I've unrolled it in time okay so I
time I times 0 I have X of 0 that goes
through the encoder produces H of 0 and
then I apply the G function I start with
a Z arbitrary Z that is 0 or something
and I apply the function and I get 0 0
and that goes into the decoder produces
an output okay and then nada has Z 0 at
time step 1 I can use the 0 as the
previous output for the time step ok now
the output is X of 1 and time 1 I run
through the encoder I run through the
recurrent layer which is now no longer
recurrent and run through the decoder
and then the next time step etc ok this
network that's involved in time doesn't
have a tubes anymore which means I can
run back fought through it so if I have
an objective function that says the last
output should be the particular one or
maybe the trajectory should be a
particular one of the outputs I can just
back propagate gradient through this
thing it's a regular network with one
particular characteristic which is that
every block shares to share the same
weights okay so the three instances of
the encoder they are the same in quarter
at two different time steps three
different time steps so they have the
same weights the same G functions has
the same ways to the three decoders are
the same ways yes it can be variable you
know I have to decide in advance but it
depends on the length of your input
sequence basically right and you know
it's you can you can run it for as long
as you want you know it's the same way
it's all over so you can just you know
repeat the operation okay this technique
of unrolling and then back propagating
through time basically is called
surprisingly PTT back prop through time
it's pretty obvious
that's all there is to it
unfortunately they don't work very well
at least not in their naive form so in
the net form so a simple form of
recurrent net is one in which the
encoder is linear the G function is
linear with high probably tangent or
sigmoid or perhaps value and the decoder
also is linear something like this maybe
with a regular or something like that
right so it could be very simple and you
get a number of problems with this and
one problem is the so called vanishing
gradient problem or exploding gradient
problem and it comes from the fact that
if you have a long sequence let's say I
don't know 50 10 steps every time you
back propagate gradients the gradients
that get multiplied by the weight matrix
of the G function okay
at every time step the gradients get
multiplied by the the weight matrix now
imagine the weight matrix has small
values in it which means that means that
every time you take your gradient you
multiply by the transpose of this matrix
to get the gradient at previous time
step you get a shorter vector you get a
smaller vector and you keep rolling the
the vector gets shorter and shorter
exponentially that's called the
vanishing gradient problem by the time
you get to the 50th time steps which is
really the first time step you don't get
any gradient conversely if the weight
matrix is really large and the
non-linearity and your recurrent layer
is not saturating your gradients can
explode if the weight matrix is large
every time you multiply the gradient by
the transpose of the matrix the vector
gets larger and it explodes which means
your weights are going to diverge when
you do a gradient step or you're gonna
have to use a tiny learning rate for it
to work so you have to use a lot of
tricks to make those things work here's
another problem the reason why you would
want to use a recurrent net why would
you want to use a recurrent net
the purported advantage of the current
net is that they can remember remember
things from far away in the past okay
if for example you imagine that the the
X's are our characters that you enter
one by one the characters come from I
don't know a C program or something like
that right
and what your system is supposed to tell
you at the end you know it reads a few
hundred characters corresponding to the
source code of a function and at the end
is you want to train your system so that
it produces one if it's a syntactically
correct program and minus one if it's
not okay hypothetical problem recurrent
Nets won't do it okay
at least not with our tricks now there
is a thing here which is the issue which
is that among other things this program
has to have balanced braces and
parentheses so it has to have a way of
remembering how many open panties is
there there are so that it can check
that you're closing them all or how many
open braces there are so so all of them
get get closed right so it has to store
eventually you know essentially within
its hidden state Z it has to store like
how many braces and and parentheses were
open if it wants to be able to tell at
the end that all of them have been
closed so it has to have some sort of
counter inside might yes it's going to
be a topic tomorrow
now if the program is very long that
means you know Z has to kind of preserve
information for a long time and
recurrent net you know give you the hope
that maybe a system like this can do
this but because of a vanishing gradient
problem they actually don't at least not
simple recurrent Nets of the type I just
described
so you have to use a bunch of tricks
those are tricks from you know your
ventures lab but there is a bunch of
them that were published by various
people like Thomas we cut off and
various other people so to avoid extra
ingredients you can clip the gradients
just you know make it you know if the
gradients get too large you just kind of
squash them down just normalize them
weak integration momentum I'm gonna
mention that a good initialization so
you want to neutralize the weight
matrices so that they preserves the norm
more or less this is actually a whole
bunch of papers on this on orthogonal
neural nets and invertible the recurrent
Nets but the big trick is SC m and gr
use okay so what is that before I talk
about that I'm gonna talk about
multiplicative modules so what I want to
get to modules they're basically modules
in which you you can multiply things
with each other so instead of just
computing a weighted sum of inputs you
compute products of inputs and then
weighted sum of that okay so you have an
example of this on the top left on the
top so the output of a system here is
just a weighted sum of weights and
inputs okay
classic but the weights actually
themselves are weighted sums of weights
and inputs okay
so W IJ here which is the IJ s term in
the weight matrix of the module we're
considering is actually itself a
weighted sum of three third order tenser
u ijk weighted by variables decades okay
so basically what you get is that W IJ
is kind of a weighted sum of matrices u
K weighted by a coefficient ZK and the
ZK is can change there are input
variables the same way so in effect it's
like having a neural net with weight
matrix W whose weight matrix is computed
itself by another neural net
a general form of this where you don't
just multiply matrices but you have a
neural net that is some complex function
turns X into e to s some generic
function ok give you ComNet whatever and
the rates of those neural nets are not
variables that you don't directly but
they are the output of another neuron
that that takes maybe another input into
account or maybe the same input some
people call those architectures hyper
networks ok there are networks whose
weights are computed by another network
but here's just a simple form of it
which is kind of a bilinear form or
quadratic form ok so overall when you
kind of write it all down SI is equal to
sum over J and K of U IJ k zk XJ this is
a double son people used to call this
Sigma Pi units yes
we'll come to this in just a second
basically if you want a neuron that they
can perform a transformation from a
vector into another and that
transformation is to be programmable
right you can have that transformation
be computed by a neural net but the
weight of that neural net would be it
themselves the outputs of another neuron
that that figures out what the
transformation is that's kind of the
more general form more specifically is
very useful if you want to route signals
through a neural net in different ways
to only data dependent way so you in
fact that's exactly what is mentioned
this video so the attention module is a
special case of this it's not a
quadratic layer it's kind of a different
type but it's a particular type of
architecture that basically computes a
convex linear combination of a bunch of
vectors so x1 and x2 here are vectors
w1 and w2 are scalars basically okay and
what the system computes here is a
weighted sum of x1 and x2 weighted by w1
w2 and again that we went over to our
scalars in this case here the sum at the
output so imagine that those two weights
w1 w2 are between 0 and 1 and sum to 1
that's what's called a convex linear
combination so you get by by changing w1
w2 so essentially if this sum to 1 there
the output of the softmax
which means w2 is equal to 1 minus w1
right that's kind of that you're a
consequence so basically by changing the
right size of w1 w2 you can switch the
output to being either x1 or x2 or some
linear combination of the two some
interpolation between the two okay you
can have more than just X 1 and X 2 you
can have a whole bunch of X's X vectors
and that system will basically choose an
appropriate linear combination or focus
is called an attention mechanism because
it allows a neural net to basically
focus its attention on a particular
input and ignoring ignoring the others
the choice of this is made by another
variable Z which itself could be the
output to some other neural net that
looks at exes for example okay and this
has become a hugely important type of
function is used in a lot of different
situations now in particular it's used
in the STM and jru but it's also used in
pretty much every natural language
processing system nowadays that use
either transformer architectures or all
the types of attention they all use this
kind of this kind of trick
okay so you have a vector Z pass it to a
softmax you get a bunch of numbers
between 0 & 1 that sum to 1 use those as
coefficient to compute a weighted sum of
a bunch of vectors X excise and you get
the weighted sum weighted by those
coefficients those coefficients are data
dependent because Z is data dependent
all right so here's an example of how
you use this whenever you have this
symbol here this circle with the dots in
the middle that's a component by
component multiplication of two vectors
some people call this Hadamard product
[Music]
anyway it's turn-by-turn multiplication
so this is a a type of a kind of
functional module gru gated recurrent
Nets I was proposed by Kuchar who is
professor here and it attempts it's an
attempt at fixing the problem that
naturally occur in recurrent Nets that I
mentioned the fact that you have
exploding gradient the fact that the
recognizer don't really remember their
States for very long they tend to kind
of forget really quickly and so it's
basically a memory cell okay and I have
to say this is the kind of second big
family of sort of recurrent net with
memory the first one is at STM but I'm
going to talk about it just afterwards
just because this one is a little
simpler the equations are written at the
bottom here so basically there is a a
gating vector Z which is simply the
application of a nonlinear function the
sigmoid function to to linear layers and
bias and those two linear layers take
into account the input X of T and the
previous state which they did
in their case not Z like I did
okay
so you take X you take edge you compute
you pass and two matrices you pass a
result you add the results you pass them
through sigmoid functions and you get a
bunch of values between 0 & 1 because
the sigmoid is between 0 & 1 gives you a
coefficient and you lose those
coefficients you see the formula at the
bottom the Z is used to basically
compute a linear combination of two
inputs if Z is equal to 1 you basically
only look at HTML s 1 is equal to 0 then
1 minus Z is equal to 1 then you you
look at this expression here and that
expression is you know some weight
matrix multiplied by the input pass
through a hyperbolic tangent function it
could be a value but it's a hyperbola
tangent in this case and it's combined
with other stuff here that we can ignore
for now okay so basically what what the
Z value does is that it tells the system
just copy if Z equal 1 it just copies
its previous state and ignores the input
ok so it acts like a memory essentially
it just copies its previous state on its
head put any Z equal equals 0 then the
current state is forgotten essentially
and is basically you would you just read
the input ok multiplied by some matrix
so a change to changes the state of the
system
yeah so this component by component
essentially okay vector 1 yeah exactly
[Music]
well it's just like the number of
independent multiplications right what
is the derivative of subjective honor
with respect to the input of a product
it's equal to the derivative of that
objective function respect to the add to
the product multiplied by the other term
that's the simple sense so it's because
by default essentially unless Z is your
Z is more less by default equal to one
and so by default the system just copies
its previous state and if it's just you
know slightly less than one it it puts a
little bit of the input into the state
but doesn't significantly change the
state and what that means is that it
preserves norm and it preserves
information right since basically memory
cell that you can change continuously
well because you need something between
zero and one it's a coefficient right
and so it needs to be between zero and
one that's what we do sigmoids
I mean you need one that is monotonic
that goes between 0 and 1 and is
monotonic and differentiable I mean
there's lots of sigmoid functions but
you know why not yeah I mean there is
some argument for using others but you
know doesn't make a huge amount of
difference okay in the full form of gru
it is also a reset gate so the reset
gate is is this guy here so R is another
vector that's computed also as a linear
combination of inputs and previous state
and it serves to multiply the previous
state so if R is 0 then the previous
state is if R 0 and Z is 1 the system is
basically completely reset to 0 because
that is 0 so it only looks at the input
but that's basically a simplified
version of something that came out way
earlier in 1997 called lsdm long
short-term memory which you know
attempted which was an attempt at
solving the same issue that you know
recurrent Nets basically lose memory for
too long and so you build them as as
memory cells by default and by default
they will preserve the information it's
essentially the same idea here it's a
you know the details that's very
different here don't have dots in the
middle of the round shape here for the
product but it's the same thing and
there's a little more kind of moving
parts it's basically it looks more like
an actual run sale so it's like a
flip-flop they can you know preserve
information and there is some leakage
that you can have you can reset it to 0
to 1 it's fairly complicated thankfully
people at via Facebook Google and
various other places have very efficient
implementations of those so you don't
need to figure out how to write the CUDA
code for this or write the back pop
works really well
it's it's quite what you use but it's
used less and less because people use
recurrent Nets people used to use
recurrent Nets for natural language
processing mostly and things like speech
recognition and speech recognition is
moving towards using conditional Nets
temple conditional Nets why while the
natural language processing is moving
towards using what's called transformers
which we'll hear a lot about tomorrow
right know when chewing so now okay so
what transformers are okay I'm not gonna
talk about transformers just now but
these key transformers are kind of a
generalization so general use of
attention if you want so the big neural
Nets that use attention that you know
every block of neuron uses attention and
that tends to work pretty well it works
so well that people are kind of
basically dropping everything else for
an LP so the problem is systems like an
STM are not very good at this so
transformers are much better the biggest
transformers have billions of parameters
like the biggest one is by 15 billion
something like that that order of
magnitude the t5 where it's called for
Google so that's an enormous amount of
memory and it's because of the
particular type of architecture that's
used in transformers they they can
actually store a lot of knowledge if you
want so that's the stuff people we use
for what you're talking about that
question answering systems translation
systems etc they will use transformers
okay
so because the SDM kind of was sort of
you know one of the first architectures
recurrent architecture that kind of
worked people tried to use them for
things that at first you would think are
crazy but turned out to work and one
example of this is translation it's
called neural machine translation so
there was a paper
yes it's cavernous 2014 where he trained
this giant multi-layer at STM so what's
a multi-layered STM it's an STM where
you have solicited and folded version
right so at the bottom here you have an
an STM which is here and folded for
three time steps but it will have to be
unfolded for the length of a sentence
you want to translate its a sentence in
French and and then you take the hidden
state at every time step of this at STM
and you feed that as input to a second
STM and I think in his network he
actually had four layers of that so you
can think of this as a stack the STM
that you know are each of them are
recurrent in time but they are kind of
stacked as the layers of a neural net so
at the last time step in the last layer
you have a vector here which is meant to
represent the entire meaning of that
sentence okay so it could be a fairly
large factor and then you feed that to
another multi-layer realistic SVM which
you know you run for a sort of
undetermined number of steps and the
word of this STM is to produce words in
a target language if you do translation
say German okay so this is time you know
it takes the state you run through the
first two layers of the STM produce a
word and then take that word and feed it
as input to the next time step so that
you can generate take sequentially right
run through this produce another word
take that word feed it back to the input
and keep going so this is a she do this
for translation you get this gigantic
neural net you try it and this is the
it's a system of this type the one that
is SK represented at needs
14 was the first neural translation
system that had performance that could
rival sort of more classical approaches
not based on neural nets and people
really surprised that you could get such
results that success was very
short-lived yeah so the problem is the
word you're gonna say at a particular
time depends on the word you just said
right and if you ask the system to just
produce a word and then you don't need
that word back to the input the system
could be used in other word that has
that is inconsistent with the previous
one you it should but it doesn't I mean
not well enough that that it works so so
this is so this is kind of sequential
production is pretty much required in
principle you're right it's not very
satisfying so there's a problem with
this which is that the entire meaning of
the sentence has to be kind of squeezed
into that hidden state that is between
the encoder of the decoder that's one
problem the second problem is that
despite the fact that that STM are built
to preserve information they are
basically memory cells they don't
actually preserve information for more
than about 20 words so if your sentence
is more than 20 words by the time you
get to the end of the sentence your your
hidden state will have forgotten the
beginning of it so what people use for
this the fix for this is a huge hack is
called by ASTM and it's a completely
trivial idea that consists in running to
LSD ends in opposite directions okay and
then you get two codes one that is
running the SDM from beginning to end of
the sentence that's one vector and then
the second factor is from running an NST
m in the other direction you get a
second vector that's the meaning of your
sentence you can basically double the
length length of your sentence without
losing too much information this way but
it's not a very satisfying solution so
if you see by ASTM that's what that's
what it is
so as I said the success was short-lived
because in fact before the paper was
published at nibs there was a paper by
Dmitry better now king yeongjo and
yoshua bengio which was produced on
archives in September 14 that said we
can use a tension so the attention
mechanism I mentioned earlier instead of
having those gigantic networks and
squeezing the entire meaning of a
sentence into this small vector it would
make more sense to the translation if
every time said you know we want to
produce a word in French corresponding
to a sentence in English if we looked at
the location in the English sentence
that had that word okay so our decoder
is going to produce french words one at
a time and when it comes to produce a
word that has an equivalent in the input
english sentence is going to focus its
attention on that word and then the
translation from French strangers so
that word would be simple or the you
know it could omit or be a single word
it could be a group of words right
because very often you have to turn a
group of word in English into a group of
words in French to kind of say the same
thing if it's German you have to put the
you know the verb at the end of the
sentence whereas in English it might be
at the beginning so basically you use
this attention mechanism so this
attention module here is the one that I
showed a couple slides earlier which
basically decides which of the time
steps which have the hidden
representation for which other word in
the input sentence is going to focus on
to kind of produce a representation that
is going to produce the current word at
a particular time step so here we're at
time step number three would it produce
a third word and we're gonna have to
decide which of the input word
corresponds to this and we're gonna have
this attention mechanism so essentially
we're gonna have a small piece of neuron
that that's going to look at the
the inputs on this side
it's going to have an output which is
going to go through a soft max that is
going to produce a bunch of coefficients
that sum to 1 between 0 and 1 and
they're willing to compute a linear
combination of the states at different
time steps ok by setting one of those
coefficients to 1 and the other ones to
0 is going to focus the attention of the
system on one particular work so the
magic of this is that this neural net
that decides that runs to the softmax
and decides on those coefficients
actually can be trained with back pop is
just another set of weights in a neural
net and you don't have to built it by
hand it just figures it out this
completely revolutionized the field of
neural machine translation in the sense
that within a few months team from
Stanford won a big competition with this
meeting all the other methods and then
within three months every big company
that works on translation had basically
deployed systems based on this so this
just changed everything and then people
started paying attention to attention
okay pay more attention to attention in
a sense that and then there was a paper
by which people at Google what the title
was attention is all you need and I was
basically a paper that solved a bunch of
natural language processing tasks by
using a neural net where every day
you're on every group of neuron
basically was informing implementing
attention and that's what a or something
called self attention that's what a
transformer is yes you can have a
valuable number of outputs of inputs
that you focus attention on okay I'm
gonna talk now about memory networks
[Music]
so this stems from work at Facebook that
was started by auto and board I think in
2014 and by sinus sukhbaatar I think in
2015 or 16 called end-to-end memory
networks
saina sukhbaatar is was a PhD student
here and it was an internet at Facebook
when I worked on this together with a
bunch of other people Facebook and
remember network is that you'd like to
have a short-term memory you'd like your
neural net to have a short-term memory
or working memory okay you'd like it to
you know you you tell okay if I tell you
a story I tell you John goes to the
kitchen John picks up the milk Jane goes
to the kitchen and then John goes to the
bedroom and drops the milk there and
then goes back to the kitchen and ask
you where's the milk okay so every time
I had told you a sentence you kind of
updated in your mind a kind of current
state of the world if you want and so by
telling you the story you now you have a
representation of the state to the world
and if I ask you a question about the
state of the world you can answer it
okay you store this in a short-term
memory you didn't store it ok so there's
kind of this there's a number of
different parts in your brain but it's
two important parts when it's the cortex
the cortex is where you have long term
memory where you you know you where all
your your thinking is done and all that
stuff and there is a separate you know
chunk of neurons called the hippocampus
which is sort of its kind of two
formations in the middle of the brain
and they kind of send wires to pretty
much everywhere in the cortex and the
hippocampus is thought that to be used
as a short-term memory so it can't just
you know remember things for relatively
short time
the prevalent theory is that when you
when you sleep and you dream there's a
lot of information that is being
transferred from your hippocampus to
your cortex to be solidified in
long-term memory because the hippocampus
has limited capacity when you get senile
like you get really old very often your
hippocampus shrinks and you don't have
short-term memory anymore so you keep
repeating the same stories to the same
people okay it's very common or you go
to a room to do something and by the
time you get to the room you forgot what
you were there for this starts happening
by the time you're 50 by the way so I
don't remember what I said last next
week of two weeks ago um okay but anyway
so man my network here's the idea memory
network you you have an input to the
memory network let's call it X and think
of it as an address of the memory okay
what you're going to do is you're going
to compare this X with a bunch of
vectors we're gonna call K so k1 k2 k3
okay so you compare those two vectors
and the way you compare them is for dot
product very simple
okay so now you have the three dot
products of all the three KS with the X
The Rathskeller values you know plug
them from softmax so what you get are
three numbers between 0 & 1 that sum to
1 what you do with those you have 3
other vectors that I'm gonna call v v1
v2 v3 and what you do is you multiply
these vectors by those scalars so this
is very much like the attention
mechanism that we just talked about okay
and you sum them up okay so take an X
compare X with each of the K each of the
case those are called Keens
you get a bunch of coefficients between
the one one that sum to one and then
compute a linear combination of the
values those are value of actors and sum
them up okay so imagine that one of the
key exactly matches X you're gonna have
a large coefficient here and small
coefficients there so the output of the
system will essentially be any tune if K
2 matches X the output was essentially
VV 2
okay so this is an addressable
associative memory ok soceity memory is
exactly that way you have keys with
values and if your input matches a key
you get the value here it's a kind of
soft differentiable version of that
so you can you can back propagate to
this you can you can write it to this
memory by changing the V vectors or even
changing the K vectors you can change
the V vectors by gradient descent okay
so if you wanted the opportunity memory
to be something in particular by by
propagating gradient to this you're
going to change the currently active V
to whatever it needs for the for the
output so in those papers what what they
did was I mean there's a series of
papers on every network but what they
did was exactly scenario I just explain
where you you kind of tell a story to a
system so give it a sequence of
sentences those sentences are encoded
into vectors by running through a neural
net which is not pre-trained it you know
you just put the training of the entire
system it figures out how to encode this
and then those sentences are written to
the memory of this type and then when
you ask a question to the system you
include the question at the input of a
neural net the new one that produces an
X to the memory the memory returns a
value and then you use this value and
the previous state of the network to
kind of reacts s the memory you can do
this multiple times and you train this
entire network to produce or an answer
to your to your question and if you have
lots and lots of scenarios lots and lots
of questions or also lots of answers
which they did in this case with by
artificially generating stories
questions and answers this thing
actually learns to store stories and
answer questions which is pretty amazing
so that's the memory Network
[Music]
okay so the first step is you compute
alpha I equals k AI transpose X okay
just a dot product okay and then you
compute CI or the vector C I should say
is the softmax function applied to the
vector of alphas okay so the C's are
between 0 and 1 and sum to 1 and then
the output of the system is some of our
I of CI VI where VI as are the value
vectors okay that's the memory
yes yes yes absolutely not really no I
mean all you need is everything to be
encoded as vectors right and so run for
your favorite cornet you get a vector
that represents the image and then you
can do the QA yeah I mean so you can
imagine lots of applications of this so
in particular when application is I mean
you can you can think of you know think
of this as a kind of a memory and then
you can have some sort of neural net
that you know it takes takes an input
and then produces an address for the
memory gets a value back and then keeps
growing and eventually produces an
output this was very much like a
computer ok well the new one right here
is the the CPU the ALU the CPU ok and
the memory is just an external memory
you can access whenever you need it but
you can write to it if you want it's a
recurrent net in this case you can
unfold it in time which is what these
guys did and and then so then there are
people who kind of imagined that you
could actually build kind of
differentiable computers out of this
there's something called neural Turing
machine which is essentially a form of
this where the memory is not of this
type it's kind of a soft tape like in a
regular Turing machine this is somewhere
from deep mind that the interesting
story about this which is that the
physical people put out the paper on the
memory network on archive and three days
later the define people put out a paper
about neural Turing machine and the
reason they put three days later is that
they've been working on the all Turing
machine and in their tradition they kind
of keep project secret unless you know
until they can make a big splash but
there they got scoped so they put the
paper out on occasion
eventually I made a big splash with
another with a paper but that was a year
later or so so what's happened since
then is that people have kind of taken
this module this idea that you compare
inputs to keys and that gives you
coefficients and you know you you
produce values as kind of a essential
module in a you know neural net and
that's basically where the transforming
is so a transformer is basically a
neural net in which every group of your
own is one of those it's a it's a whole
bunch of memories essentially there's
some more twist to it okay but that's
kind of the basic the basic idea but
you'll hear about this in a week
Oh in two weeks when we when week okay
any more questions
cool all right
thank you very much